fix: repair broken external links across docs (#2207)
celo-org/docs: contribute-to-celo/release-process/smart-contracts.mdx

There are several scripts provided (under `packages/protocol` in [celo-org/celo-monorepo](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo) and via [celocli](/cli/)) for use in the release process and with contract upgrade governance proposals to give participating stakeholders increased confidence.

<Warning>

> For these to run, you may need to follow the [setup instructions](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/blob/master/README.md). These steps include installing Node and setting `nvm` to use the correct version of Node. Successful `yarn install` and `yarn build` in the protocol package signal a completed setup.

Reviewer: README.md doesn't have the following setup guide, so better to explain it here
```suggestion
For these to run, you may need to set up the celo-monorepo: follow the [Getting Started](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/blob/045aa0061/README.md#-getting-started) steps and install the Node version pinned in [`.nvmrc`](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/blob/045aa0061/.nvmrc) (managed with `nvm`). A successful `yarn install` and `yarn build` in the protocol package signal a completed setup.
```
